Address issue 606 - add task start time (#624)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

  are grouped into batches and the properties that all batches for this task
  must have. The party MUST NOT configure the task if it does not recognize the
  batch mode.

> * `task_start`: The start timestamp of a task. Clients MAY opt out of the task

Reviewer: "opt out" is a taskprov term that we probably shouldn't overload. I'd suggest "don't upload reports" instead of "opt out". Likewise below.

Author: I added `MAY not upload its report`. Let me know if that's the right use of MAY..

> * `task_start`: The start timestamp of a task. Clients MAY opt out of the task

Reviewer 2: semantic nit: `task_start` and `task_expiration` are effectively the start and end of the time interval in which the task is accepting report uploads, but "start" and "expiration" are not opposites.

Maybe `task_start_time` and `task_end_time`? (or `task_start` & `task_end`?)

Reviewer: Works for me.

Author: Fixed. Made a pass to change `task_expiration` to `task_end`, and `expired` to `ended`.

>   to a task. The Client MAY not upload its report if the Client's clock is

Reviewer: Let's try and keep the normative language the same.
```suggestion
  to a task. The Client is not expected to upload its report if the Client's clock is
```

  hpke_unknown_config_id(4),
  hpke_decrypt_error(5),
  vdaf_prep_error(6),

>   task_ended(7),

Reviewer: nit: I think we should just keep this as `task_expired`. Its meaning is clear enough, and there would be one less thing that implementations need to change.

  task_expired(7),
  invalid_message(8),
  report_too_early(9),

>   task_not_started(10),

Reviewer: My initial though was that we may be able to use `report_too_early` for this case, but looking at how that error currently used, I think I'm in favor of adding `task_not_started`. The reason is that rejecting a report rejected with `report_too_early` can be retried, but if the report's timestamp precedes the task start time, then there is no way to process it.

WDYT @branlwyd?

Reviewer 2: I agree; as you note, there are semantics around `report_too_early` that are not appropriate to apply to the cases we will be using `task_not_started`.

   skew. If a report is rejected for this reason, the Aggregator SHOULD mark the
   input share as invalid with the error `report_too_early`.

> 1. Check if the report's timestamp is before the task's `task_start` time. If

Reviewer: I think this makes it slightly more clear that you don't mean "smaller than or equal to".
```suggestion
1. Check if the report's timestamp is smaller than the task's `task_start` time. If
```

Author: I changed it to `earlier than`.
